Javier Oliveira very strong
Marina Hernán talking about interviews
that you've done Well interviews you've
done today a blog yesterday yesterday a blog in
Spain daily commenting on the news that
I think is the I pressed the blog
Why Because this topic has blown up
yes we tell it I mean it was the first very
first here
live everyone So it was strong
eh they have given credit eh They have given you
credit I was seeing around there the
media that have echoed have been
mentioned and I tell you one thing Yes even
in Federico
yes Federico they have said it also
says Beatriz says Isabel the one who runs the
program says man if Marina told it it is that it
is true for sure evidently there was no
risk with something like that but
let's remember that Alba answered me that they
had not communicated anything to her let's
remember that conversation that I said
Alba just told me that she doesn't know
anything and she knew it she lied to me my dear
Alba she lied to me let's
see but she didn't know Or rather she didn't know
anything but she meant that she didn't know
anything Or rather they hadn't confirmed it
that you Here you're not going back
no no no there I already knew that I already
whole me of course is that afterwards a
continued elaborating elaborating the truth I
knew it I knew it I knew I knew Let's
see it's so strong that we
told it here such And then it became
like the news of the day the next day on
networks well the news of the day not that either
but
or one of the news like a lot of commented
and such in fact I spoke with semana because I
see that it says as exclusive and such I say
eh And that I get along very well with semana
and I adore them eh but yes it is true that I
expanded more details that I am not
aware of I respect their information
they said that among the
reasons it also had to do with Alba
being a person in the matter of the
light operation And such But the thing is that that has been going on for a
long time, I mean it's not
now so
I don't know eh I mean since I don't know I'm not
going to comment or give an opinion but yes it is
true that
what I hear from the bacha person
has given the light operation
I didn't know that
Me neither but if it is it's not from now or I mean
Understand me it is not a thing from
now so
soon as very  close January but come on I do
n't think so It's that we'll see if it
was from before but Alba Carrillo just does
n't add up to me Look in hindsight I'm
going to tell you Javi how they have already after
having elaborated everything that I'm also going to
say one thing I was the first one who said
here that at first I had seen that
on social media is that they have
social media You think I have to
give credit to a tweeter that we are
a media outlet it
wasn't a Twitter as a known thing no I
no it's that I'm
telling you I
'm not Paola Calvo no but apart from that I was
honest and I said here I've seen it on social media
another one doesn't say it and I said I've seen it on
social media I don't even remember what her name was and when I
saw it on social media is when I make
all the calls and when I confirm and
add the data And I add or rather I want to
tell you my exclusive was going on the other hand that
the producer was still fighting that the
producer Then they got into a
tantrum like from toxic people and a little bit
of here that I say guys you know I say you
're in bad shape parenthesis the other day on the
news I caught a clip from a
live stream of Diego Arrabal that that  it
appeared in an account Diego arrabal
has like another account I don't know if he
will take it or it will be sent to a
friend whatever it is like news
from the tribe I don't know something like that it says
not with the same logo of the Channel and
all that and sometimes Well, he uploads a
summary of his live or some
important clip whatever and I go [ __ ] around
or I take the clip directly from his
channel Or if I tell it on Twitter but
from Twitter Well, they were trying to
defame me on Twitter because I hadn't
given credit to the account that had
published that clip and it's like but yeah
then
also people are a little
obsessed with the credits issue
let's see one thing is that I take and
steal a news story
a cheap exclusive Jorge Javier has
been fired from reading that now
we will talk about it because they have
denied it
and now I take the next day and I
give it as if it were mine that is one thing and
another thing is that I take a clip from
Diego arrabal's live that
you have uploaded to your account and I go to
mention your account
Forgive me
Total no and look at another  thing And look,
for example, the news that says that
we will talk about it later about
Carmelo's veto, manager Gina, I put a mustache
arrocette and I put that Diego Arrabal announced it
in, I mean, I want to tell you if
things are done well there are people
who do not mention that I do not name That seems to me
no but it says like What bad
practice you have to know how to do it
that you are an account let's see that the
weather is yours this is like when they
asked me to give credit to people who
uploaded clicks from Telecinco, I mean there were a
series of accounts on Twitter that upload
clips and Likes not yet and they upload clicks of
things from Telecinco, well
the tweet of course there was one, well There was one
that set up the account delighted he fought
with us a paranoia forms
let's see if the client Diego Rabal and
I am mentioning that this is from
Diego Arrabal that I am going to mention you
as the account that has taken the piece
of the live for real Some things
forgive me for interrupting you returning to
the people Ah returning to Alba okay let's
see it turns out that I don't know until
where we tell here in the live on
Sunday but
as we tell it, it is true that
in the live on Sunday Alba already knew, I knew, I
knew Yes, I knew
99% that I was not going to return, yes, it is
true that for a week and a half now
she has been thinking about
not calling me, not calling me, not
calling me, she had her contract, I don't know
when, I don't know if it expired this week
specifically, obviously there has been no
renewal, man, it is a typical dismissal
in the sense that there is no
renewal and you are prohibited from appearing, being
mentioned or from being on any
Mediaset program. So yes,
obviously
all of her production company knew this information, that is. Enough
of accusing or pointing the
accusing finger, I don't know why several people have written to me, she
has leaked it to you.
But in addition to having leaked it, if it was
going to be known, through me, through Pepito, through
Pepito the day after tomorrow, in four days, in
five, in 8, I mean, it was going to be like this, I
know that the production company fought for
it until the last moment and
I am surprised that later in the statement
that they have  It's
already been done officially, they say that it
was a consensus between the network and the
production company, it wasn't an imposition by
the network, or rather, an imposition by the
network and the production company, on the contrary, they have
been fighting for Alba to stay
because in that real production company they want
Alba, yes. And as a television personality I
understand that you may like her more or less.
But as a collaborator I understand it,
then it
is true that Alba communicates it,
she talks to her bosses, she talks to the
program which is with the client in the
contract because her appearances on
Sálvame or in Fiesta are more specific,
but her contract is with Jazz mediodía, a
three-month contract, where I always hear myself
double. Hello, do you hear yourself double? Yes, I don't see you? Are you stuck for work? Hello, now now, hello ...
when she is no longer
evidently not stupid it has been intuited
that something was happening And what was happening was that
from the top from the
top they have said
controversial Alba was not out but to Miss That is what
cuts me if other media have
the information that it has to do with
the deluxe operation that it has to do
with other types of matters It seems
perfect to me what I know is that and
what other names people said Alexia
such and such Not as far as I know and well And
evidently because I know it is not it is not that way
but what they have told me
is that people believe that save me for
their program that has been going on for many years that
has its very marked collaborators are not
going to touch them and the people Are
wrong or rather I have already heard not
a specific man but yes that they are already
considering throwing people out of that program
people
whose contract has very little left
non-renewable and in fact I know that
some are tiqui tiqui tiqui tiqui tiqui tiqui tiqui
Some because there are
others who know that they are yes yes no no no
but some in particular the people and
María Patiño such I do not think okay I do not think
but
There are people who would suit me, for
example, a frienti, it's not that I want it
or anything, but I don't care, whether I'm here or not,
in fact, it's that I don't
agree with these new
measures because it's taking away a lot of
content from us, but for example, I
fit a giant profile,
but yes, the people who have
contracts that are about to expire are going to be
scrutinized and if it doesn't
suit them, they're not going to. So, starting
next week, so it's very likely
that next week we'll see another case,
it's not that they have anyone in mind, but as the renewals come in, they look tin tin tin, for example [Music] Alba Carrillo, who is a character apart from being a collaborator, therefore, she would give content that is very good, taking into account the lists that they have
vetoed, not the lists and the characters
that they have vetoed, with this we can understand
that
yes, she is a character that gives a lot of
content, it's that they don't want that
content, I'm going to advance
[Music]